# This is a record of my ai use on this project.
## First step, plan and research: just see if we can make it more robust.
*prompt:*  
This code calculates the pointgroup of a lattice. It is a julia package that supports other computational materials science codes. As input, it uses the three basis vectors of the lattice and then calculates the symmetry operators that fix the lattice. One of its unique features is numerical robustness. By using minkowski reduction to find the most compact basis vectors and then using a novel mathematical result, it can calculate the pointgroup for unit cells that have high aspect ratios and still get the correct pointgroup. In these type of codes, picking a good epsilon for avoiding roundoff errors is a tricky business. This code is probably better than others for this challenge but perhaps it could still be improved. Carefully read all of the code and deeply understand why the code is robust. Do not make any changes to the code, but write a markdown file, plan.md, where you suggest changes to the code that make it more robust. In addition, suggest new unit tests, and tests of the pointgroup finding, that will give stronger gaurantees of the codes robustness. Also, read online about other codes and algorithms for doing solving this problem and bring to my attention other ideas that should be considered for this code. write your report on this in a markdown file called research.md. Other similar codes also calculate the spacegroup of a crystal. This functionality is not implemented in this code but will be in the future. First, though, we are going to get the pointgroup finder to be bulletproof and as robust as possible against finite precision errors and test it again a wide array of lattice, and robust against edge cases and high aspect ratio unit cells.